SECTION A:

4.What are the major features in different versions of Spring Framework?

The major features of Spring Framework are:
1)IoC Container
2)Data access Framework
3)MVC Framework
4)Transaction Management
5)Spring Web Service
6)JDBC abstraction layer
7)Spring TestContext framework


2.What is a Spring Framework?

The Spring Framework is an open-source framework for building web applications with Java as a programming language. 
It is powerful and lightweight yet easy to use, and it provides support for developing Java applications easily. 
Spring is a lightweight framework that can be thought of as a framework of frameworks
because it also offers support for various frameworks such as hibernate, struts, tapestry, and JSF.

3.List the advantages of Spring Framework
Advantages are:
1)Light weight
2)Flexible
3)Loose coupling
4)Spring Framework is fast developing
5)And it also have lot of Pre-defined Templates.


5.How many modules are there in Spring Framework and what are they

There are so many modules in the Spring Framework. They are:
1) Spring MVC
2) Spring Core
3) Spring REST
4) Spring Boot
5) Spring JDBCTemplates

6.What is a Spring configuration file?

Spring configuration file is basically a XML file which mainly contains the classes information and describes how those classes are configured and linked to each other.

7.What are the different components of a Spring application?

The components of a Spring application are
1)Interface
2)Bean Class
3)User program


8.What are the various ways of using Spring Framework?

1)It can be used as a full time Spring web application.
2)Using Spring Frameworks middle-tier, it can be used as a third-party web framework.
3)It can be used for remote usage.


9.What is Spring IOC Container?

The IoC container is responsible to instantiate, configure and assemble the objects. 
The IoC container gets informations from the XML file and works accordingly.


10.What do you mean by Dependency Injection?

Dependency injection is basically providing the objects that an object needs instead of having it construct them itself. 
It's a very useful technique for testing, since it allows dependencies to be mocked or stubbed out


11.How to install spring boot in IntelliJ IDEA?

Spring Boot is built on the top of the spring and contains all the features of spring. 
And is becoming a favorite of developers these days because of its rapid production-ready environment which enables the developers to directly focus on the logic instead of struggling with the configuration and setup. 
Spring Boot is a microservice-based framework and making a production-ready application in it takes very little time.


12.Please change default server port from 8080 to 9090?
We should go to application properties and then write server.port = 9090.
Then the default server port will change from 8080 to 9090.


13.How to resolve whitelabel error page in spring boot application?
We have different methods to resolve whitelabel error page
1)By implementing the ErrorController interface provided by the Spring Framework itself and overrides its getErrorPath() method to return a custom path to call when an error occurred
2)Create a error.html page and put it into the src/main/resources/templates directory. Spring Boot’s BasicErrorController will automatically be picked it up by default.
3)By setting the server.error.whitelabel.enabled property to false in the application.properties file, we can disable the white label error page.


15.Differentiate between a Bean Factory and an Application Context.
1)The Spring Framework comes with two IOC containers – BeanFactory and ApplicationContext. The BeanFactory is the most basic version of IOC containers, and the ApplicationContext extends the features of BeanFactory.
2)BeanFactory loads beans on-demand, while ApplicationContext loads all beans at startup. Thus, BeanFactory is lightweight as compared to ApplicationContext.


16.Difference between Autowired , Inject and Qualifier Annotation

Inject annotation is part of Java CDI which was introduced in Java 6, whereas @Autowire annotation is part of spring framework. Both annotations fulfill same purpose therefore, anything of these we can use in our application.



SECTION B:

1. D
2. A
3. B
4. A
5. B
6. A
7. A
8. A
9. A
10. D
11. B 
12. A
13. B
14. B
15. D
16. C
17. A
18. B
19. C
20. D



